https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/misinformation/
 Transparency Center 
https://transparency.fb.com/

Policies
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/other-policies/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/improving/

Enforcement
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/detecting-violations/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/taking-action/

Features
https://transparency.fb.com/features/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/features/approach-to-elections/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/misinformation

None
https://transparency.fb.com/features/approach-to-newsworthy-content/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/features/ranking-and-content/

Oversight
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/appealing-to-oversight-board/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/oversight-board-cases/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/oversight-board-recommendations/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/creation-of-oversight-board/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/further-asked-questions/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/meta-quarterly-updates-on-the-oversight-board/

Data
https://transparency.fb.com/data/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/community-standards-enforcement/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/intellectual-property/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/government-data-requests/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/content-restrictions/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/internet-disruptions/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/widely-viewed-content-report/

None
https://transparency.fb.com/data/regulatory-transparency-reports/

Back to Home
https://transparency.fb.com/

 Transparency Center 
https://transparency.fb.com/

POLICIES
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/

Facebook Community Standards
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/

Other policies
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/other-policies/

How Meta improves
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/improving/

ENFORCEMENT
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/

Detecting violations
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/detecting-violations/

Taking action
https://transparency.fb.com/enforcement/taking-action/

FEATURES
https://transparency.fb.com/features/

Our approach to elections
https://transparency.fb.com/features/approach-to-elections/

Our approach to misinformation
https://transparency.fb.com/policies/community-standards/misinformation

Our approach to newsworthy content
https://transparency.fb.com/features/approach-to-newsworthy-content/

Our approach to ranking
https://transparency.fb.com/features/ranking-and-content/

OVERSIGHT
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/

How to appeal to the Oversight Board
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/appealing-to-oversight-board/

Oversight Board cases
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/oversight-board-cases/

Oversight Board recommendations
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/oversight-board-recommendations/

Creating the Oversight Board
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/creation-of-oversight-board/

Oversight Board: Further asked questions
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/further-asked-questions/

Metaâ€™s Quarterly Updates on the Oversight Board
https://transparency.fb.com/oversight/meta-quarterly-updates-on-the-oversight-board/

DATA
https://transparency.fb.com/data/

Community Standards Enforcement Report
https://transparency.fb.com/data/community-standards-enforcement/

Intellectual Property
https://transparency.fb.com/data/intellectual-property/

Government Requests for User Data
https://transparency.fb.com/data/government-data-requests/

Content Restrictions Based on Local Law
https://transparency.fb.com/data/content-restrictions/

Internet Disruptions
https://transparency.fb.com/data/internet-disruptions/

Widely Viewed Content Report
https://transparency.fb.com/data/widely-viewed-content-report/

Regulatory and Other Transparency Reports
https://transparency.fb.com/data/regulatory-transparency-reports/

Ad Library
https://www.facebook.com/ads/library/?active_status=all&ad_type=political_and_issue_ads&country=US&media_type=all

Crowdtangle
https://www.crowdtangle.com/

Facebook Open Research and Transparency
https://fort.fb.com/

Data Policy
https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/

Terms of Service
https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/

Cookies
https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/

